[0.14] Fix documenation (#242)
containers/common: docs/containers.conf.5.md

 which corresponds to no namespace. When no namespace is set, all containers
and pods are visible.

**network_cmd_path**=""

>   NetworkCmdPath is the path to the slirp4netns binary.

Reviewer: Nit: I would prefer
```suggestion
  network_cmd_path is the path to the slirp4netns binary.
```
or
```suggestion
  Path to the slirp4netns binary.
```
for consistency's sake?

Author: This is a back port,  You need to fix these in the master branch.  Please open a PR>
